Add OSDK upgrade guide for 4.8 (#33613)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/osdk-upgrading-v1-7-1.adoc

+
To optionally configure the Operator's deployment with a config file, make changes to the `config/default/kustomization.yaml` file as shown in the following diff:
+
.`config/default/kustomization.yaml` file diff
[%collapsible]
====
[source,diff]
----
# If you want your controller-manager to expose the /metrics # endpoint w/o any authn/z, please comment the following line.
\- manager_auth_proxy_patch.yaml
+# Mount the controller config file for loading manager configurations
+# through a ComponentConfig type
+- manager_config_patch.yaml
----
====
+
This feature is optional; flags can be used as is or to override config file values.

. Deprecate support for package manifests.
+

> The link:https://operatorframework.io/[Operator Framework] is removing support for the Operator package manifest format in a future release. As part of the ongoing deprecation process, the `operator-sdk generate packagemanifests` and `operator-sdk run packagemanifests` commands are now removed. To migrate package manifests to bundles, the `operator-sdk pkgman-to-bundle` command can be used.

Reviewer: The commands haven't been removed yet, only deprecated for now.

> The link:https://operatorframework.io/[Operator Framework] is removing support for the Operator package manifest format in a future release. As part of the ongoing deprecation process, the `operator-sdk generate packagemanifests` and `operator-sdk run packagemanifests` commands are now removed. To migrate package manifests to bundles, the `operator-sdk pkgman-to-bundle` command can be used.

Reviewer: The commands haven't been removed yet, only deprecated for now.
```suggestion
The link:https://operatorframework.io/[Operator Framework] is removing support for the Operator package manifest format in a future release. As part of the ongoing deprecation process, the `operator-sdk generate packagemanifests` and `operator-sdk run packagemanifests` commands are deprecated. To migrate package manifests to bundles, the `operator-sdk pkgman-to-bundle` command can be used.
```

If this was written intentionally, then please do ignore this comment.

Author: Oh OK, I had seen locally that they were not listed in `--help` output anymore (and from the QE tests in https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OSDK-1622), but I guess they're technically still there?

Reviewer: yeah, its still there. Since its deprecated and no longer supported, it doesn't appear in the help text.
